Why are you blind and can't recognize me?
You are the waiter
So what?
What a crazy waiter!
How dare you speak to me like that?
What are you still standing for?
If you don't go against us, you will die, etc.
Boy, who are you?
Courageous people break into my knot club
My surname is Sun Sun Wukong, the eldest son of the Sun Sun family
My father's name is Sun Quan
Sun Quan hahaha never heard of it
Never heard of it, it doesn't matter
This is my fiancee
I'm here to take my fiancee away
I don't care about your grudge with the waiter
You are so unreasonable
Dare to be my stutter and shoot Wang Sanye
The man hacked him to death for me
Wait a minute.
Godfather, why did he pick up his fiancee?
Just let him take it away
Why is that?
Godfather gentleman
Although there is some strength in Jinhai
But not enough
How did you squeeze it?
Sun Shao's uncle was just at the war drum general
Is he one of our top ten generals in Jinhai?
The net worth is at war
Why don't I know?
I have that relationship
This time it must just be the announcement of fate
I see
There is guilt
Don't be guilty, I can take my fiancee now